hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a dystopian action horror film: "The Forever Purge"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in the future, America is suffering firearm abuse and violence
it is normal to see people shooting each other with guns in the street
with the crime rate rising, the government cannot afford to sit still
therefore, they institute the Annual Purge plan from 7 pm on March 20 to 7 am the next day
in other words, during these 12 hours, Americans can do anything without being punished by law
killing is no exception
since the proposal is implemented
the unemployment rate in the United States has dropped to 1 percent
the crime rate plunged to its lowest on record, and violence cooled down
as such, the U.S. government continues to carry out the program for several years
overtime, however, the intent of the Purge begins to change
at first, they destroy the wicked, but now they wipe out the immigrants
and spark off issues about racial discrimination
the racial discrimination against blacks in the U.S. is very serious
so the birth of Purge Day gives the whites a chance to eliminate the blacks
Adela and Juan, a stowaway couple from Mexico, are preparing themselves for their first Purge
before the annual Purge arrives, their life is not much different from the local Americans
Juan works in the Tucker Family ranch while Adela earns a living at a slaughterhouse
Juan is after the ranch owner's heart because he has excellent horse training skills
but the owner's son Dylan is somewhat jealous of his superb performance
and often stirs up troubles for him
Juan's anxiety heightens as the annual purge approaches
one hour prior to the Purge, Juan and Adela take refuge in a Mexican migrant community
in the meantime, most American civilians return to their own homes for safety
when the event kick-starts in the evening, the street is echoed with gunshots and screams
at the migrant community, Adela chats with their security guard on the rooftop
over there, she sees trucks of killers pontificating about cleansing America
Adela looks through the scope of a rifle and discovers that there are many black Americans
trapped in the container of the convoy underneath
noticing Adela's intention to rescue the victims, the security guard stops her
it is not easy to maintain their own safety in such chaos, letting alone saving others
Adela has no choice but puts down the rifle
the security guard wonders why Adela is skillful with using weapons
but Adela leaves without answering him
actually, Juan and Adela fell out with Mexican drug cartels and were forced to flee to the U.S.
before coming to the U.S., they were trained to use weapons for self-defense
upon returning to the ground floor, Adela falls asleep
fortunately, the 12 hour period comes and goes without any incident at the refuge
the next day, as the sirens sounds, normal life is then resumed
people walk out of their homes one after another
to congratulate themselves on surviving the night
on his way to work, Juan sees countless corpses lying on the street
and blood running down from roads
cleaners are deployed to clean and sterilize the city
Adela also reports to her duty
during the break, she walks out of the workplace to get some fresh air
a goat trapped in an iron cage catches her attention
Adela wants to release the goat
so she stretches her head into the cage to reach for the switch
as soon as she turns on the switch, a hidden switch above Adela's head is triggered
to her shock, Adela is locked up and thrown onto the top of the cage
then from the surrounding trash cans, several men with rabbit masks and machetes appear
Adela cries out that the Purge is over, but the men ignore her
when Adela loses hope, her boss (Boss) shows up just in time
to kill the Purgers and save Adela
as a result, Adela and Boss are accused of murder and arrested by the policeman
meanwhile, Juan and his colleague (Colleague) arrive at the ranch
only to find the owner's family has been taken hostage
the attackers are a group of underprivileged men
who resent rich men making money out of poor people
upholding the slogan of forever purge, they aim to get rid of the rich
ranch owner reasons that ever since the land was taken over from the natives
the rich man has made their fortune from the poor
the annual Purge itself is proposed by the tycoons in Washington D.C.
with the sole purpose of cashing in on the national crisis
he further explains that the mastermind is glad to see more chaos being created
agitated by such harsh truth, the thug shoots the owner dead
Juan and Colleague then rush in with their guns
and fire a volley of shots at the group of thugs
a number of terrorists fall dead, and some others flee into rooms to call for help
but are shot right off the phone
shortly after Juan and Colleague rescue the Tuckers, more cars are coming towards them
Dylan ushers everyone into his truck and flees the scene
from the radio broadcast, they are informed that none of the states is safe
fans of the night of killing have decided the Purge is "ever after"
and continue slaughtering Americans in the street
with the mantra of getting their America back and making America great again
Juan gives a call to Adela to check her wellbeing, but no one answers
reading Juan's anxiety for his wife, Dylan decides to return to the city for Adela
out of gratitude for Juan's rescue
Dylan's wife and younger sister give their full support for the detour
Juan's kindness has indeed moved the heart of Dylan and changed his attitude
back to the city streets, gun-toting Purgers start to attack police vans
the police car which carries Adela is blown up by the thugs
Adela and Boss survive the explosion without any injuries, but the policemen have died
merely seconds after the bombs, the car is ambushed by Purgers
who are banging against the door furiously
their aggression towards the patrol wagon suggests that their violence is well organized
in Adela's desperation, she hears gunfire outside the car
moments later, Juan opens the door to pick up Adela
while Adela boards Dylan's truck, Boss returns to his home to rescue his family
Dylan's truck leaves the mess behind and makes a few stops along the way to top up supplies
the five of them finally rest at a hotel
and learn from the news the States has declared martial law across the country
with the whole nation thrown into turmoil
troops are deployed to deal with chaos and destruction in each city
in other words, not a single city in the U.S. is safe now
just as they are wondering what to do and where to go, there comes good news from the radio
the prime ministers of Mexico and Canada, having seen the U.S. paralyzed by violence,
decide to open their borders to any unarmed American residents within the next six hours
those who manage to enter these two countries are allowed to stay there
until law and order is restored in the U.S.
cheered up by the news, they set off immediately for Mexico to seek help
unexpectedly, even at late night, some Purgers riding on motorbikes are preying on them
in the dire situation, Dylan's sister puts the purger's flag up on the window
and shouts out the slogan of forever purge
her strategy works as the Purgers mistake them for their companions and leave them alone
when they reach the nearest point to the Mexican border, the whole place is engulfed by flames
a fierce clash between the army and rioters is taking place
even worse, a heavy traffic jam jeopardizes their plan
the five of them can do nothing but to alight and walk to the border
they painstakingly take every step forward, fighting against the Purgers
all of a sudden, their way is blocked by a Purger's tank
so they plan to take shelter in a theatre nearby until the tank leaves
even though they move rather fast, the Purgers have spotted them
and bombed the theatre entrance
in the chaos, only Adela and Dylan's wife enter the theatre while the rest are stuck outside
Juan cries out to Adela, telling her to meet at the other end of the theatre
and then Juan leads the rest to the back exit, but they are soon surrounded by the thugs
since the Purgers outnumber them, they lay down their weapons
knowing that Juan and his colleague are Mexicans
the sadistic captain of the thugs (Captain) orders Dylan's sister to kill them
Sister refuses to do so
then Captain's mother shoots Colleague dead and continues to threaten the sister
fortunately, the government troops reach in time to suppress the Purgers
Juan seizes the opportunity to pick up his gun
and kill Captain's mother, who is watching over them
when Captain returns after defeating the soldiers, his mother is already dead
filled with fury, Captain swears that he will wipe out Juan's group
on the other hand, Adela leads Dylan's wife to evade the theatre through the back exit
they bump into a fellow Mexican outside the theatre and follow him to a temporary shelter
coincidentally Juan and the rest also flee to the same place
however, their joy of reunion is quickly crushed by the latest update of the situation
to avoid being caught up in the attack on the military base
the Mexican government decides to close the border immediately
this news is extremely sad for all the Mexicans present
luckily the woman in charge of the shelter is capable enough
to source a truck from a Mexican villain
then they head for the border under cover of darkness
preparing to cross illegally over a high mountain back into Mexico
however, before they see the local villain in person, they are tailed by the Purgers
it is no surprise that this time the thugs are again led by Captain
as soon as Captain receives information about Juan's location,  he rushes over with his gangs
Juan, Dylan and other capable men stay behind to fend off the Purgers
while other survivors retreat to the safe zone
as soon as the Captain's team arrives at the firing range, shots ring out from all directions
at first, Juan's group manages to kill several Purgers by surprise attacks
however, their positions are soon exposed, and they are bombarded with bullets
overwhelmed by the intensity of the battle
they finally hide in a safe wooden house on the way to the border
now that all the bullets are run out
they brace themselves with hand weapons such as machetes and bolts
under the leadership of the local Mexican villain
the refugees tackle the Purgers in the form of guerrilla warfare
as expected, the rioters who are unfamiliar with the area
are besieged as soon as they get up the hill, and immediately suffer heavy casualties
some rioters are shot dead by a bolt before they could see anyone
seeing his companions all die one after another
Captain takes advantage of the chaos to snatch away Adela
little does he know that Juan and Dylan are hidden right behind him
Juan and Dylan throw a harness around Captain's neck and strangle him dead
then everyone joins forces to wipe out the rest of the enemy
and reunite with Dylan's wife and sister in Mexico
by the time they arrive in Mexico safe and sound under police's protection
riots are still ongoing in the U.S.
no one can tell what the great America would look like after the prolonged violence
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out